README.md, before:

[![License: GPL v2](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPL_v2-blue.svg)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/gpl-2.0.en.html)
# Cheetah Download Manager
Cheetah is a Free Fast Downloader built using java with a Swing rich-client user interface.

Version 1.0.1

![Alt text](/src/main/resources/images/ms-icon-150x150.png?raw=true "Cheetah")

# Contributing

This repository is contribution friendly. If you'd like to add or improve or add new features, your contribution is welcome.

# Features
* Downloading files in any format
* Http, Https Support for now
* Categorize files by their type
* Pause ability
* Create many connection for download default 8 connection
* Redownload ability
* Rejoin ability
* Themes

# Screenshot

Cheetah in MacOS

![Alt text](/doc/Cheetah%20in%20MacOS.png?raw=true "Cheetah")

Cheetah in Linux

![Alt text](/doc/Cheetah%20in%20Linux.png?raw=true "Cheetah")


Cheetah in Windows

![Alt text](/doc/Cheetah%20in%20Windows.png?raw=true "Cheetah") 

# Status
This project is currently a work-in-progress.
If you execute maven goal "assembly:assembly", This will give you the Cheetah application jar and all of the dependencies - you can simply execute java -jar cheetah-...-jar-with-dependencies.jar and the application should start.

On the other hand, just run it from an Intellj IDEA project with Cheetah-With-Maven configuration.

# License
The Cheetah project is provided under the GPL, version 2 or later.

# Contact us
Lead developer: Saeid Keyvanfar

sad.keyvanfar@gmail.com

https://github.com/skayvanfar

Commit message:

update README.md with how to build and run info

README.md, after:

[![License: GPL v2](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPL_v2-blue.svg)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/gpl-2.0.en.html)
# Cheetah Download Manager
Cheetah is a Free Fast Downloader built using java with a Swing rich-client user interface.

Version 1.0.1

![Alt text](/src/main/resources/images/ms-icon-150x150.png?raw=true "Cheetah")

# Contributing

This repository is contribution friendly. If you'd like to add or improve or add new features, your contribution is welcome.

# Features
* Downloading files in any format
* Http, Https Support for now
* Categorize files by their type
* Pause ability
* Create many connection for download default 8 connection
* Redownload ability
* Rejoin ability
* Themes

# Screenshot

Cheetah in MacOS

![Alt text](/doc/Cheetah%20in%20MacOS.png?raw=true "Cheetah")

Cheetah in Linux

![Alt text](/doc/Cheetah%20in%20Linux.png?raw=true "Cheetah")


Cheetah in Windows

![Alt text](/doc/Cheetah%20in%20Windows.png?raw=true "Cheetah") 

## Building and Running the Project

### Build

To build the project and create an executable JAR file, run:

```bash
mvn clean package
```

This will generate a fat JAR file (including all dependencies) in the target directory, typically named:

### Run

To run the application, use the following command:

```bash
java -jar target/cheetah-1.0.0.jar 
```

# Status
This project is currently a work-in-progress.
If you execute maven goal "assembly:assembly", This will give you the Cheetah application jar and all of the dependencies - you can simply execute java -jar cheetah-...-jar-with-dependencies.jar and the application should start.

On the other hand, just run it from an Intellj IDEA project with Cheetah-With-Maven configuration.

# License
The Cheetah project is provided under the GPL, version 2 or later.

# Contact us
Lead developer: Saeid Keyvanfar

sad.keyvanfar@gmail.com

https://github.com/skayvanfar
